feat(rpc-agent): allow rpc spaghetti (#126)
ForestAdmin/forestadmin-experimental: packages/rpc-agent/README.md

const { createRpcAgent } = require('@forestadmin-experimental/rpc-agent');

const agent = createRpcAgent({
  authSecret: process.env.AUTH_SECRET,
  isProduction: process.env.NODE_ENV === 'production',
  loggerLevel: 'Info',
});
// use the agent like a real one.
```

# Deal with nested RPC data source and relationship

> Be careful when you want to use RPC data source inside an RPC agent.
> As RPC agent act almost like a real one, a schema was created and used by the RPC data source.
> So all collections that you put on it should be inside this schema, and can cause duplication issue.
> 
> Unlike `removeCollection`, `markCollectionsAsRpc` remove collection from the schema but keep defined relationship.
> If you declare some relationship on a collection marked as RPC, you should use [the given plugin](../datasource-rpc/README.md#deal-with-rpc-relationship) on the gateway to do the reconciliation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be cautious when using an RPC data source within an RPC agent. Since an RPC agent behaves similarly to a real one, a schema is created and utilized by the RPC data source. Therefore, all collections added to it should be within this schema, which can potentially cause duplication issues.

Unlike removeCollection, the markCollectionsAsRpc function removes the collection from the schema but retains the defined relationships. If you declare relationships on a collection marked as RPC, you should use [the provided plugin](https://chat.mistral.ai/datasource-rpc/README.md#deal-with-rpc-relationship) on the gateway to perform the reconciliation.
```

## Examples

Given this structure:
* One RPC agent used to manage Users.
* One RPC agent used to manage Groups.
* One RPC agent used to manage Projects.
* One agent used as a gateway.

### Case 1 declaring relationship inside the gateway

Declare your relation as usual, like below:

```javascript
gateway
  .createRpcDataSource(/*from the user RPC agent*/)
  .createRpcDataSource(/*from the project RPC agent*/)
  .createRpcDataSource(/*from the group RPC agent*/)
  .customizeCollection('user', collection => {
    collection.addManyToOneRelation('group', 'group', {
      foreignKey: 'group_id',
    });
  })
  .customizeCollection('project', collection => {
    collection.addManyToOneRelation('group', 'group', {
      foreignKey: 'group_id',
    });
  })
  .customizeCollection('group', collection => {
    collection
      .addOneToManyRelation('users', 'user', {
        originKey: 'group_id',
      })
      .addOneToManyRelation('projects', 'project', {
        originKey: 'group_id',
      });
  });
```

### Case 2 using RPC datasource inside RPC agent

> You combine data source before using it on the gateway.
> In this exemple you don't use group agent on several places, only on the user agent.
> Here there is no need to use `markCollectionsAsRpc`, like below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should combine the data sources before using them on the gateway. In this example, you only use the group agent in the user agent, not in multiple places. Therefore, there is no need to use markCollectionsAsRpc, as shown below:
```

```javascript
/* define user agent and use group agent as a RPC data source
* define some relationship between both data source
*/
userAgent
  .createcreateSqlDataSource(...)
  .createRpcDataSource(/*from the group RPC agent*/)
  .customizeCollection('user', collection => {
    collection.addManyToOneRelation('group', 'group', {
      foreignKey: 'group_id',
    });
  })
  .customizeCollection('group', collection => {
    collection.addOneToManyRelation('users', 'user', {
      originKey: 'group_id',
    });
  });

/* define the gateway and use agragated agent
* all collection and relationship defined in the user agent will be import as a datasource
*/
gateway
  .createRpcDataSource(/*from the user RPC agent*/)
  .createRpcDataSource(/*from the project RPC agent*/)
```

### Case 2 declaring relationship between RPC datasource on a RPC agent

> You have complexe datasource relationship and usage, see below how to use `markCollectionsAsRpc` and the `generateRpcRelations` plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have complex datasource relationship and usage, see how to use `markCollectionsAsRpc` and the `generateRpcRelations` plugin below.
```
